Adding Alphanumeric to CharacterType Options (#558)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/api-reference/asset-rules/asset-rules.md

| Type               | String     | Required  | A specification type.                                        |
| Value              | String     | Optional  | Required only for the iteral and delimiter specification types.<br />Specifies the text and delimiter values. |
| Name               | String     | Optional  | Required only for the group and wildcard specification types. <br />Specifies the name of the extracted group used in the asset output. Must not begin with a digit and all characters must be a letter, digit or underscore. |

> | CharacterType      | String     | Optional  | Required only for the group specification type.<br />Specifies whether the specification allows Any, Letters, Digits or Alphanumeric characters. If not specified, the default is Any. |

Reviewer: @pirogovsky Just to clarify, these values are not case-sensitive, are they? That is, would Any, any, and ANY be acceptable?

> | CharacterType      | String     | Optional  | Required only for the group specification type.<br />Specifies whether the specification allows Any, Letters, Digits or Alphanumeric characters. If not specified, the default is Any. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CharacterType      | String     | Optional  | Required only for the group specification type.<br />Specifies the characters allowed in the specification. Valid values are: Any, Letters, Digits or Alphanumeric. If not specified, the default is Any. |
```

Reviewer: Confirmed with Mark Skallet that these are case-insensitive values.
